that's that's really kind of a situational type question on wind to share
personal stories or motions with your team I think it is dependent
on what's going on the situation at hand the environment that you're
in lot of times it makes sense to share very personal stories because
then people can relate to a little bit more they understand that
you're very similar to them you might even have a very similar story
that they have which creates that relationship and build that trust
and communication and then other times depend upon the situation
or where you're at you might not want to share personal stories or
show very much emotion so it's really something that you just kinda
have to to gauge where you're at in the environment that you're in and
the people that you're working with when's the right time to be emotional
when's the right time to be a little more formal on those kind
of things